bpo-41314: fixed annotations __future__ version (#21616)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2020-07-25-14-20-00.bpo-41314.yrjko0.rst

> changed mandatory `annotations` version from ``4.0`` to ``3.10``, also in :mod:`__future__`

Reviewer: Hm, I would describe this differently.
```suggestion
Changed the release when `from __future__ import annotations` becomes the default from ``4.0`` to ``3.10`` (following a change in PEP 563).
```
